# shar0587.github.io

I created my Web Portfolio by taking direct inspiration from my brother, who has a Shopify website that follows a center-aligned appraoch with all of his content. I knew I would follow that approach as well for this assignment, as I found it makes any personal brand website that much more personal. From there, the layout was created by looking at the assignment parameters and building off from that using sketches and Adobe XD as a reference point. NOTE: The mockup I included is separate from the one I used in UX Design, as I used the same mockup for the "Landing Page" assignment.

The biggest challenge I had to overcome was deciding how exactly to build the website. Should I use CSS Grid, Flexbox, or Bootstrap? I definitely think the little bit of time we had to learn Bootstrap gave me a lot of confidence to keep learning it, since it's a platform I feel the most "at-home" in comparison to the others available. Branching off from that, some challenges Bootstrap gave me was understanding how exactly the column system worked, how to adjust things and choose classes for the viewport, and how to structure content in a certain way (i.e: img-thumbnail gives a thumbnail-styled border around the image).

I definitely feel a lot more confident in my ability to use Bootstrap now after learning it more intensively. Elements, such as spacing and margin/padding use, makes a lot more sense to me now. However, to end the semester on a final note, I do think I need to strengthen my abilities in other areas such as Flexbox. As you said during one of our lectures, Bootstrap is efficient and handy, however, it's important to use them all for future reference as potential jobs depend on it.
